That was the last thing that
I wanted to cover today.
So before I leave you all, I guess I'll
just walk through some additional things
that you might wanna look at and
consider as you're building things.
And just some cool products that
I feel comfortable talking about,
because I'm not involved with them,
that you might like, okay?
So, some things that you might
want to consider looking into is,
I would play around with diffusion models,
as well.
You've probably heard of DALL-E,
you've probably heard of stable diffusion.
I highly recommend playing
around with those as well.
If you have a GPU access at home,
or on your computer,
I highly recommend
trying to get into that.
And training some models on some stuff.
It's actually incredibly intuitive, and
fun, and complicated, and very tedious,
but you learn a lot.
I learned a lot through AI by having
to train a diffusion model on my face.
And I actually learned so much that way.
All that pain that I had to go through
to create something that was terrible,
was worth it and I leveled up a lot.
And it helped me with like a lot
of this ChatGPT stuff as well.
So I recommend that.
I also recommend looking
more into the OpenAI API.
They have way more stuff
that we did not talk about.
We only talked about completions and
things like that.
But if you go look at their API,
there's a lot of stuff in here.
They have audio.
We talked about embeddings,
here's fine-tuning.
People want to talk about fine-tuning,
here it is.
You can do fine-tuning.
There's a lot of stuff you can do.
They'll give you your own model,
basically.
You can add files there that
you can use for fine-tuning.
Obviously, there's DALL-E for
images, they have that.
And then, here's the list of models.
There's just a lot of stuff.
The new one is moderation.
This is how you can create moderation
policies and keep them up to date.
And you can really figure
out what people are saying.
This is great if you're using AI to,
I don't know, moderate a kid's platform,
moderate a chat app.
Something like that,
this is perfect for it.
So there is a lot of stuff here,
that I think it's worth looking at.
The other thing I would look into,
I guess, in the world of AI
this is relatively old, but
I would look into things like baby AGI.
This is scary, baby AGI,
not this one, this one.
So, this is one of the first
autonomous agents ever created.
Here's a diagram of how it works.
[LAUGH] If you want to figure it out,
but there's basically four agents.
So someone sends in a,
they have some objective.
There's an execution agent that does
some stuff with the vector database for
memory, and then a contact.
It's just, it's a lot.
It's a bunch of AI entities talking to
each other, along with vector stores for
memory, and
task lists that get created and
prioritized on a loop until
the objective is completed.
And add function calling into that.
And yeah, there you go.
That's a that's an AGI agent.
It's like one of the first ones.
There's a lot more now.
But I highly recommend going down that
rabbit hole because it's fascinating.
Auto GPT is probably the better one,
I think,
which is heavily based off of baby AGI.
There's a website called AGBT now?
Okay.
Here we go, auto GPT.
This one is absolutely insane.
I actually use this a lot
to find shoes online,
because it does a really
good job with that.
Pretty much any bill that they pay online
now, this thing pays it for me now.
I don't do it anymore.
And some other research-based things,
like, go research this market for me.
And then I'll come back in two minutes,
and it has a really good report, or
a good enough report,
because I taught it how to go to Google.
It can think about it.
It can go to my notes and
see things that I care about, and
it'll make sure to cover those things.
And it'll get its work checked by
another agent that is tuned on different
instructions that I gave it.
It's pretty good.
It works pretty well.
It's kind of scary.
[LAUGH] And it cost me like,
I don't know, two cents to do it, maybe.
So it's pretty cool.
So yeah, check that out.
And then for some cool products,
I talked about cursor a little bit.
This is really cool.
You can do things like this.
I can be like, I don't know, fix this.
I'm not even going to give it any context,
just fix this.
And I don't know, it's going to go
line by line and try to fix this.
I don't think it's going to fix anything,
because I think it works.
But it works pretty well when
you ask it to do something.
What did it not like there?
>> Took away the arrow functions.
>> Really?
No, it added arrow functions.
I know why.
I have in the system here,
I prefer arrow functions.
So it went and
added arrow functions to everything.
I specifically said I
prefer arrow functions.
So it did that, where did I put that at?
Not here.
Let's see,
I forgot where you can look to see.
Yeah, here we go.
No, I forgot.
There's a way where you can write a system
prompt for this thing, and I wrote one.
Here we go.
Always use functional react
components as arrow functions.
So, it's not a react component, but
I guess it saw that I like that.
So it did it.
You see right now, it's trying to create
an index on my entire code base so
it can better answer questions.
And it can also index any website you
give it, which includes documentation.
Like here, go index this website, and
it'll go learn the whole website.
So you can reference it here,
in your stuff.
So it's like a great way to be like,
I need to teach this thing Python right
quick, which should already know.
Or, I need to teach it this RubyGem or
this NPM package, or
something got updated.
Go index it, come back five minutes, and
now you can have it generate
code based off that.
What you can't do in ChatGPT or Copilot.
I don't think you can do
that in Copilot either.
So, that part's pretty cool.
>> Would the code from this course
be able to be run in a server
side handler in next?
>> Yes, all the code from this course.
Not only can it run on a server side,
it can run on the edge.
It could run in the browser.
All this code can run in the browser,
can run on the edge.
Because, yeah,
we're using in-memory vector store.
So, yeah,
this works in every single environment
that JavaScript works in right now.
>> Maybe the hard part of that is
keeping your server-side keys safe.
>> Yeah, yeah, hold on, yeah.
I'm not advocating to
put your keys out there.
But yes, if you can hide your keys,
then yeah, for sure.
But yeah,
they've already thought about this, right?
So, OpenAI on the Edge, that's a thing.
I mean,
there's a million packages for this.
It just works well.
You can even stream from the Edge.
You have Vercel AI,
which is NPM install AI.
That works from the Edge.
There's a lot of things that,
where you can get this to work
pretty much anywhere, yes.
>> When would it be better to use
something like Zod for structured output,
rather than not using it?
>> Okay let's talk about that.
So, Zod is a schema library
that helps you write schemas.
So, okay, I gotta unpack this,
'cause there's a lot.
So LangChain uses Zod.
Let's talk what happens
before a function call.
Before a function calling came out,
you would use something like
Zot to get structured output.
But you have to do that
with prompt engineering.
So that basically means you would
create a Zod schema that describes
the shape that you want,
very similar to this.
It's very similar, just in a Zod way.
And then LangChain would
take that Zod schema, and
convert it to a set of instructions
inside of a prompt for you.
It would try to make a prompt to coerce
the AI to always follow this structure.
If you go look at the last course that
I made, building a full stack of AI,
I talked about that exactly,
because function calling didn't
come out when I built that course.
So I had to use a Zod schema, and then I
think what happened to me in that course,
as you can see,
I would run it sometimes and
it would come back with structured data,
and then sometimes it wouldn't.
So then LangChain thought of that, and
they're like, all right, we'll try to
parse the output to see if it matches the
schema that you told us to put in there.
If it doesn't, we'll automatically call
it again with an enforcer that says, hey,
I told you to do this schema,
do it this way.
And then usually that second time,
it'll do it.
Basically, if you only use a Zod schema,
you're just doing prompt engineering,
which means it's nondeterministic.
Now that you have function calling,
LangChain will just convert your Zod
schema into function calling schema.
You're still using Zod, but now,
instead of doing prompt engineering,
they'll just convert it
to function calling.
But you can also just do function calling,
or
you can convert your own Zod
schema to function calling.
The only reason you wouldn't use function
calling or pop engineering is if you were
using a model that didn't support
function calling, which they all don't.
So that would be the only
reason I could think of.
It's just that,
the difference in function calling is
that it's fine-tuned on the model.
It's not prompt engineering.
So, there's two camps of how to get
back what you want in AI right now.
One is prompt engineering.
And that seems to be the way that
most people are doing it today.
But I think most people are in agreement
that the future of getting what you want
from AI is fine tuning.
It's just not there yet.
So, we're getting there.
It's just not easy yet.
So, yes, use a Zod schema if you have to.
Otherwise, use function call.
>> Okay.
>> Awesome.
Well, this is it.
This is what I wanted to cover today.
Hopefully there were
enough examples here for
you all to walk away with some idea of the
power, the flexibility, and just the pure
amazingness of how to add generative
AI technologies to an application.
Because again, this is really
just scratching the surface.
Like I said,
even just combining some of these things,
imagine if we took the search function,
this QA function, and we added it,
this function calling, and
then we added it to the chat interface.
I mean, that alone is an app.
[LAUGH] You just built ChatGPT.
You have plugins, you have function
calling, you have searching, you have QA.
It's pretty intense.
So you can whip together some pretty
impressive things very quickly.
So hopefully that gave you an idea
of some things you can do.
I would say, going forward, maybe pick one
of these ideas, or two of these ideas, and
expand on them a little further.
If you have a notion that you use,
or a wiki somewhere,
try to build a UI around how to QA
that wiki, or something like that.
Just get your feet wet just a little more,
and maybe push it to production, so
you can experience what that
feels like in production.
Go find yourself a vector database to use,
try to hook all that up.
And just really get lost in it.
I think that's where the learning
comes from, is doing all that.
And then just use this as a reference.
The whole point of this was to just
give you a few different examples,
like how do I do a chat, or
how do I do like a semantic search, or
what does the document QA look like?
It's just there for an example.
But, I really want you to build on
top of it, to solidify this learning.
So, hopefully everybody liked the course.
I definitely had a lot of fun making it.
Thanks for coming.
[APPLAUSE]